# IoT-IoE--Internet-of-Things-Internet-of-Everything
It is a concept in which electrical and computer hardware is combined to automatically do a given task. The world of common physical objects that are digitally connected These gadgets allow communication and control over the internet through the use of sensors, internet connectivity, and other hardware. In the modern world, IoT is there all around us. Every day that goes by, IoT is bringing more and more of the world's devices online, from smart stethoscopes and autonomous agricultural machinery to smart cities and wearable health monitoring. The smart home is a great illustration of how the Internet of Things works. The Internet-delivered air conditioner, doorbell, refrigerator, smoke detectors, and security alarms are connected to a hub where data may be transferred and operated by phone applications or websites.  IoT is becoming more and more popular across industries, enabling businesses to operate more productively, offer superior customer service, make wiser decisions, and increase the value of their organization.  Internet of Things (IoT) services are the area of expertise for Madman Technologies Private Limited. The team works with the top brands in the industry to support you with asset optimization, edge computing for IoT data, and operations change using AI. With the integration of wearables, sensors, networks, clouds, and apps while maintaining security, our end-to-end Internet of Things services help you create a sustainable competitive edge. By utilizing our industry-specific expertise and IoT technology experience in Cloud computing and Data Analytics, we assist you in changing your organization through well-informed decisions based on solid data analytics.  https://www.madman.ai/service/iot
